RespTech Wallpaper Public License
=================================

This is the version 1 of the RespTech Wallpaper Public License, written by
Nguyen Hoang Duong, published as 42tm, 24 July 2018.

You can copy this license, and you can modify it under the condition that you
must not call your modified version the "RespTech Wallpaper Public License".

PREAMBLE
--------

This License is for any work that is intended to be a wallpaper that everyone
can use. We (42tm) created this License so that both the author(s) and people
who use the wallpaper can benefit. We hope to encourage the creation of open,
public art works for the benefit of the large public.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS
--------------------

0. Definitions

    1. "This license" means the terms and conditions described from section 1 to
    section 6 of this document.

    2. "Wallpaper" means a form of visual art that is intended to be set as
    background on any digital device that supports background image (e.g. phone,
    tablet, PC,...). Wallpaper, in this context, can be of any type, as long as
    the device supports it (usually raster graphic). In this license, most usage
    of the term "wallpaper" refer to the wallpaper that is licensed under this
    license.

    3. "Background" has the same meaning as "Wallpaper", defined above.

    4. "User" means any person who wish to use the provided Wallpaper.

    5. "Digital device" means any digital device that can have wallpaper. A
    digital device may have many wallpapers set for different place (e.g. the
    iPhone has wallpaper for lock screen and has another wallpaper for home
    screen.).

    6. To use the wallpaper means to set the wallpaper as wallpaper on the
    digital device.

    7. To modify the wallpaper means to edit the content of the wallpaper,
    all more specifically, making the wallpaper visually different from the
    original wallpaper.

    8. To redistribute the wallpaper means to make a copy of the wallpaper
    available somewhere public, such as on a web page, or in a museum.

1. USE OF THE WALLPAPER

    The wallpaper is provided free of charge, for anyone to use. Anyone can set
    this wallpaper as wallpaper on any digital device as long as the device
    supports the file type of the wallpaper. The author makes no guarantee that
    the wallpaper can be set as wallpaper on every device. In the event that you
    cannot set the wallpaper as background because your device does not support
    the file type of the provided wallpaper, the best you can do is asking the
    author to make a version with the file type that your digital device
    supports.

2. MODIFYING THE WALLPAPER

    Everyone is allowed to modify the wallpaper. The modified wallpaper must be
    either kept secret, or licensed under a public copyright license such as
    the RespTech Wallpaper Public License or the CC-compatible licenses.

3. REDISTRIBUTING THE ORIGINAL WALLPAPER

    The wallpaper can be copied and redistributed in any form. It can be raster
    graphic or printed on a physical object, such as a piece of paper. When
    redistributing the original wallpaper to the public, the name of the
    author(s) and a link to a full copy of this license must be specified.

4. REDISTRIBUTING THE MODIFIED WALLPAPER

    Modified version of a wallpaper licensed under this license can be trade
    secret or licensed under a public license, as described in section 2 above.
    Thus, the terms and conditions applied for the modified wallpaper depend on
    the license that the modified wallpaper is licensed under, so we cannot
    provide the terms and conditions for the modified wallpaper. One exception
    is, if the modified version is licensed under the RespTech Wallpaper Public
    License, the terms and conditions of this license take effect, and the terms
    and conditions for redistributing the (modified) wallpaper are the same as
    those stated in section 3 of this license.

5. HOW THE WALLPAPER LICENSED UNDER THIS LICENSE MUST BE PROVIDED

    The wallpaper must be available in the public. Often times, the author(s)
    put their name(s) as part of the content of the wallpaper (e.g. in the low
    corner of the wallpaper). Most (if not all) of the time, the name(s) of the
    author(s) is/are there only for public recognition, and is/are not part of
    the content of the wallpaper. If the name(s) of the author(s) is/are
    genuinely there as part of the wallpaper's content, let it/them be,
    otherwise, when provided to the public, the name(s) must be removed.

6. SOURCE CODE OF THE WALLPAPER

    Wallpapers are usually created using an image editor, but not all wallpapers
    are created that way. Some people write scripts to generate wallpapers. Some
    wallpapers are created using an image editor, but uses a file type that
    actually makes the wallpaper available in some kind of human-readable
    code (e.g. SVG). Under the effect of the terms and conditions of the
    RespTech Wallpaper Public License, the source code of the wallpaper
    (e.g. SVG) or the source code of the script used to generate the wallpaper
    does NOT have to be publicly available, however it is encouraged to make the
    source code available publicly as well so people can easily modify the
    wallpaper.

7. HOW TO APPLY THIS LICENSE TO YOUR WALLPAPER

    If you wish to use license your wallpaper under the RespTech Wallpaper
    Public License, chances are your wallpaper is in digital form (e.g. raster
    graphic image). Hence, you are likely going to provide it on a digital
    platform. If so, you can do one of the following:
        - Explicitly point out that the wallpaper is licensed under the RespTech
        Wallpaper Public License, and provide a link to a copy of the license.
        - If you are providing an archive that contains many wallpapers, and at
        least one of them is licensed under the RespTech Wallpaper Public
        License, then put the full license text of this license in a text file,
        typically called "LICENSE" or "COPYING", and explicitly point out that
        which wallpaper(s) is/are licensed under this license.
        - Explicitly point out that the wallpaper is licensed under the RespTech
        Wallpaper Public License, along with the following text snippet:

            Everyone is allowed to use set this wallpaper as wallpaper on any
            device. Modified wallpapers can be created from this wallpaper, as
            long as they are kept secret for private use or are licensed under
            a public license. Redistributing the exact copy of this wallpaper
            is allowed, as long as the authors' names and a link to this license
            are provided along with the redistribution.
